# Morphkoh

## Overview 

Visual perception is a highly dynamic and complex process which heavily relies on the use of visual working memory in order to construct a comprehensible perception of the rapidly shifting visual stimuli of the world around us. (Rademaker et al., 2015) We are reliant on working memory to maintain, manipulate, and utilize relevant information. The relevance and significance of working memory highlight its profound deficiencies. Recent studies (Clapp et al., 2009, Rademaker et al., 2015, Derrfuss et al., 2017) have established interrupting (task relevant) and distracting (task irrelevant) stimuli to have a significant debilitating effect on recall, an effect that is exacerbated with increaces variance between the target and distractors. (Clapp et al., 2009, Rademaker et al., 2015) Previously, distractor paradigms have been limited lower level visual stimuli (i.e. line orientation, gradients), but faces represent a more complex class of stimuli, and a more complex dimension of visual working memory, requiring multiple levels of processing for recognition and encoding. Here, we apply the concepts of visual distraction to the stimuli class of faces. Manipulating variables of age and gender, we construct a 'facespace' (Lorenc et al., 2014) 

Facial working memory has been emphasized as a more complex dimension of working memory. Lorenc et al., 2014 examines the capacity and precision of facial working memory, acknowledging the multidimensional variance of faces by selecting two defined variables to manipulate: age and gender. These variables are used to construct a ‘face space’, where faces are presented/imagined along the axes of age and gender. 
Previous interference studies have relied on lower level visual stimuli, frequently utilizing line and grating orientation. In contrast, faces are categorized as a higher level of visual stimuli, requiring multiple levels of processing for facial recognition and perception. Facial recognition is additionally somewhat unique in that there are believed to be regions of the brain exclusive to facial recognition and analysis, such as the fusiform facial area (FFA). (Downing et al., 2001). Pitcher et al., 2011 describes the theorized hierarchical nature of facial recognition as relying on a cortical network for face selection. Early visual analysis is believed to originate in the inferior occipital gyrus (IOG). The FFA is believed to then initially process first order information, essentially stagnant facial features (eg. eyes, mouth) before sending information to the superior temporal sulcus in order to decode the second order information and changeable aspects of a face (eg. expressions, gaze direction). (Baars et al., 2010). Interference is studied in the context of task relevance; task or stimulus relevant interrupting stimuli (IS) was consistently found to have a greater debilitating effect on stimulus recall, while task irrelevant distracting stimuli (DS) resulted in comparatively minimal impairment. (Clapp et al., 2009, Rademaker et al., 2015) Rademaker et al., further establishes that increased difference or variance between the target stimulus and interrupting stimulus exacerbated bias towards IS in recall. 
